Add API config to allow disabling response size warning (#34700)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-routes/api-middlewares.md

}
```

> `responseLimit` is automatically enabled, warning when an API routes' response is over 4MB. If you'd like to disable this warning, you can set this to false.
> 
> A use case for disabling the `responseLimit` warning is if you are deploying outside of the Vercel ecosystem, i/e AWS or self hosting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`responseLimit` is automatically enabled, warning when an API routes' response body is over 4MB. This default value is suitable for [Vercel](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/limits/overview#serverless-function-payload-size-limit) as well as AWS Lambdas and other serverless deployments.

For large file downloads, pleas refer to [How do I bypass the 5MB body size limit of Vercel Serverless Functions?](https://vercel.com/support/articles/how-to-bypass-vercel-5mb-body-size-limit-serverless-functions)

<!-- limit was changed to 4mb https://github.com/vercel/next.js/pull/26887 but linked article still says 5mb -->

If you are not using Next.js in a serverless environment, and understand the performance implications of not using a CDN or dedicated media host, you can set this limit to false.
```

```js
export const config = {
  api: {

>     bodyLimit: false,

Reviewer 2: Should we call this `responseLimit` instead to prevent confusion with the request body?

Author: Works for me!

  },
}
```

> `responseLimit.sizeLimit` is the maximum response size before a warning is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`responseLimit.sizeLimit` is the maximum response size before a warning is displayed. Default is 4mb. (see above)
```
